1. What is jQuery?
jQuery is a popular JavaScript library that simplifies HTML document traversal, event handling, and animation for web developers. It is a fast, small, and feature-rich library that allows developers to write less code while achieving the same results as with plain JavaScript.


2. How are JavaScript and jQuery different?
JavaScript and jQuery are two different things, although they are often used together in web development.

JavaScript is a programming language that is used to create interactive and dynamic effects on web pages. It is a client-side language, which means it runs on the user's browser and is used to modify the web page dynamically without requiring a page reload.

jQuery, on the other hand, is a JavaScript library that provides a set of pre-built functions and utilities to make it easier to write JavaScript code for common tasks such as DOM manipulation, event handling, and AJAX requests. jQuery simplifies the syntax of JavaScript code, making it easier to write and understand, and also provides a cross-browser compatible API to ensure that code works consistently across different browsers.


3. Which is the starting point of code execution in jQuery?
In jQuery, the starting point of code execution is typically the ready event, which fires when the DOM (Document Object Model) has been fully loaded and is ready to be manipulated by JavaScript code.


4. Document Load Vs Window. Load() jQuery
$(document).ready() fires when the DOM (Document Object Model) has been fully loaded and is ready to be manipulated by JavaScript code. This event is triggered as soon as the DOM is ready, which may be before all images and other external resources have finished loading. This means that code inside the $(document).ready() function may be executed before all content on the page has finished loading.

$(window).load() fires when all content on the web page, including images and other external resources, has finished loading. This event is triggered after the $(document).ready() event, so code inside the $(window).load() function will be executed after all content on the page has finished loading.


5. What is the difference between prop and attr?
In jQuery, both prop() and attr() methods are used to get or set attributes of HTML elements. However, there are some key differences between these two methods.

The attr() method gets or sets the value of an attribute on the first element in the matched set of elements. This method works with attributes that are defined in the HTML markup or added dynamically using JavaScript code.

The prop() method, on the other hand, gets or sets the value of a property on the first element in the matched set of elements. This method works with properties that are defined on the DOM objects themselves, such as checked, disabled, selected, and so on.


6. Explain Difference Between JQuery And JavaScript?
Que.2 Ans


7. How We Can Select The Specified <li> Element From The List Of <li> Elements In <ul>?
document.querySelectorAll("ul > li");
$('ul li').each(function(i)
{
   $(this).attr('rel'); // This is your rel value
});


8. In <table> Design Change The Color Of Even <tr> Elements To “green” and 
Change The Color Of Odd <tr> Elements To “blue” Color? Give An Example Code?
$(document).ready(function()
{
  //for table row
  $("tr:even").css("background-color", "green");
  $("tr:odd").css("background-color", "blue");

});


9. How We Can Implement Animation Effects In Jquery?
$("button").click(function(){
   $("div").animate({left: '500px'});
 }); 


10. Apply jQuery validation using library.


11. Create custom dynamic function for require field validator.

12. Get state data by country selection (Ajax).

13. Image uploading with preview.